hi I'm Annie from the BBC good food
cookery team and today I'm gonna show
you how to ice biscuits using the
flooded icing technique now if you're
making hanging biscuits like I'm going
to the first thing to do is get your
biscuits out of the oven and using a
straw stab holes into the top of them
this is much better than using a skewer
because you get a much neater finish and
if your straw gets a little bit blocked
up just snip off the end work relatively
quickly here to make sure that your
biscuits don't harden up now allow these
to cool completely before you begin
icing them my biscuits are cool and now
ready to be iced I've got some fondant
icing here you can use normal icing but
this will give a shinier more
professional finish you're going to add
a bit of water
don't worry if it's a little bit thin
you can always add a little bit more
icing sugar
what you're looking for is a thick
consistency it needs to be stiff enough
to hold its place but still still enough
to stick to the biscuit traits are doing
the piping bag is to peel it back over
your hand and then spoon your icing into
it and tie it securely with an elastic
band okay
then slip the end to a small hole and
begin to pipe your biscuits you want to
pipe around the edges as neatly as you
can this will create a wall for the next
set of your icing if you've made hanging
business like me make sure you around
the inner hole as well keep this bag to
use later and then leave these aside to
set these are set and I'm ready to start
my flood icing I've got some sifted
icing sugar here and going to add a
little bit of water
[Music]
you want this icing to be at a much
thinner consistency than the last set
look for consistency where if you leave
it to satin in the bowl it'll settle to
flat in about 10 seconds put it into as
many different bowls as you'd like
colored I'm in a color this one blue so
using a skewer put a small amount of
blue gel give it a good stir and this is
ready to go into another piping bag then
you want to snip your piping bag a
little bit further up than you did for
the stiffer icing you can begin to pipe
spread it onto the biscuits and then
using a skewer or a toothpick pick up
your best gap and spread the icing to
the sides you need to work reasonably
fast doing this so the icing doesn't set
then pick up your stiffer icing and you
can use this to decorate you want to
make sure that these are still wet at
the time just so this 6n if you're
making a calendar you can pipe numbers
onto your this tips I'm piping three at
a time just to ensure that the blue
icing doesn't set before the white icing
has a chance to sink in once you face
them all leave them to set overnight for
really glossy finish and that's how you
ice biscuits using the flooded icing
technique from BBC good food
[Music]